README.md, before:

# affilinet eCommerce Module Magento
This extension provides integration of your Magento shop with affilinet program.
See also https://www.magentocommerce.com/magento-connect/affilinet-module.html for download.

You may want to watch a short video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/udOJSlYmSag

The affilinet extension enables you to integrate the affiliate marketing functionality into your Magento store. Affilinet means performance marketing, an attractive, success-based payment model for users directed to your website, high quality, transparent tracking and reporting as well as a sales network with 500.000 publishers (website operators, who promote your products via internet). This extension offers you new customer potentials to expand your reach.

Using this extension offers you: 
* easy generation of product data feeds to promote your products via dynamically generated ads 
* retargeting of (non-purchasing) store visitors 
* tracking of customers which were directed to your store via affilinet 
* statistics of generated clicks, leads and orders of these customers per publisher

Besides the fully integrated process of affiliate marketing functionalities within the extension, you can always login to the affilinet advertiser portal for using the additional affiliate marketing options.
Extension requirements

In addition to the Magento shop you need an affilinet account to use the extension. If you already have one, you can easily provide your affilinet programID as well as your affilinet webservice login details in the settings. Now you have access to all functionalities. New clients can directly apply for an affilinet account via the Registration tab.

Commit message:

Removed dead link to magento connect, added information about System Requirements and Plumrocket

README.md, after:

# affilinet eCommerce Module Magento
This extension provides integration of your Magento shop with an affilinet program.

System Requirements: 
Magento Community Edition versions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8<br>
Magento Enterprise Edition versions 1.11, 1.12, 1.13, 1.14<br>
Please note! The affilinet module supports PHP only for the version 5.4. <br>

For other versions you might use the Plumrocket Extension that also supports affilinet integration: 
https://store.plumrocket.com/affiliate-programs-magento2-extension.html 

You may want to watch a short video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/udOJSlYmSag

The affilinet extension enables you to integrate the affiliate marketing functionality into your Magento store. Affilinet means performance marketing, an attractive, success-based payment model for users directed to your website, high quality, transparent tracking and reporting as well as a sales network with 500.000 publishers (website operators, who promote your products via internet). This extension offers you new customer potentials to expand your reach.

Using this extension offers you: 
* easy generation of product data feeds to promote your products via dynamically generated ads 
* retargeting of (non-purchasing) store visitors 
* tracking of customers which were directed to your store via affilinet 
* statistics of generated clicks, leads and orders of these customers per publisher

Besides the fully integrated process of affiliate marketing functionalities within the extension, you can always login to the affilinet advertiser portal for using the additional affiliate marketing options.
Extension requirements

In addition to the Magento shop you need an affilinet account to use the extension. If you already have one, you can easily provide your affilinet programID as well as your affilinet webservice login details in the settings. Now you have access to all functionalities. New clients can directly apply for an affilinet account via the Registration tab.
